New bench (#41)
helibproject/HElib: benchmarks/README.md

make install
```

> ## Build benchmark
> 
> Benchmarks are found in `HElib/benchmarks` and are grouped by files; the file
> names revealing their themes.  By default, the benchmarks are built as separate
> executables. If you prefer to build a single executable then set the
> `-DSINGLE_EXEC=ON`. Compiled tests appear in the `bin` directory.  Now build
> the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build benchmark

Benchmarks are found in `HElib/benchmarks` and are grouped by themes; the file
names reflect the themes they belong to.  By default, the benchmarks are built as 
separate executables. If you prefer to build a single executable then set the
`-DSINGLE_EXEC=ON`. Compiled tests appear in the `bin` directory.  Now build
the project.
```
